hey it's Briggs our this is your channel
for vintage Lego reviews where we
actually show you LEGO sets tell you
about them tell you what we think and
hopefully we all learn something as we
look at it and today we got a orient
expedition set from 2003 set 7410 for
ages 6 and up it is the jungle River
which appears to be missing the river
anyway this is a Johnny Thunder set here
the Orient expedition was an adventure
type set which took place in the
Oriental areas of the globe and this one
has actually got some interesting pieces
to it even though it's one of these
smaller orient expedition sets again
it's from 2003 it has about 60 pieces
one minifigure couple animals a skull
and some unique elements that will show
you and perhaps even some of them may be
featured on Lego element a li in the
future so let's take a closer look at
this set alright first we'll look at the
box and the instructions which typically
on the adventurer sets they have the map
found here and shows the river that does
not come in the jungle River sit and on
the back again we see a map and the main
model and some other little things built
from the main model I should say
and the instructions are similar you're
looking at a map and then map on the
back with Johnny Thunder and a different
outfit and it shows you some of the
different sets which so most of the sets
came with game cards this being one the
smaller sets it did not come with game
cards it actually shows you here on this
map in the instruction manual the sets
that have the game cards there they're
usually the larger sets at the game
cards to play the game and you do get
two animals with this set which is the
alligator which maybe you miss that
supposed to be a park at all I don't
know and you also get the snake just
Johnny Thunder likes to curious making
this boat and see how he rolls
you get the tail moves in the head opens
up or you can stomp chomp down on
something there so that is the alligator
in the snake so Johnny Thunders
boat here is neat because it is a
classic light gray boat which apparently
I'm thinking is not as common I think
red was the most common color of the the
boats that are this size I know I had a
dark blue one before for more recent
sets from some recent pirate sets but
this one is the classic light gray which
I am expecting to do a video in the
future showing the difference between
light gray light bluish gray and why
Lego stopped making it anyway the I like
the boat it's a steam boat pretty neat
to get the fire you got the boiler got
the little gauges on the side he's got a
steering wheel and this boat reminds me
of a ride they used to have it Six Flags
Over Georgia a years ago is called genre
Bo's riverboat adventure where kids
could go up and pretend like they were
driving the boat I actually thought it
was really your steering kept when I was
a kid but there are supposed to be a
boat ride through
over times and this is currently from
steam era on this boat
and since we're mentioning genre bow
which is French which has nothing to do
with the Orient as well give a shout-out
to somebody I'll give it to somebody who
lives in this great state of Louisiana
there's a lot of French names in
Louisiana so that's them give it to
shout out to Mardi Gras man 23 that's
Mardi Gras man 23 see I can do shoutouts
um I guess I did six degrees of
separation to get to that anyway let's
get back to the set all right he's got a
chain to his boat it's either towing
this box that has the dynamite and his
tools which he has shotgun or rifle
don't yell at me if I call weapons by
the wrong name like flintlock pistol and
stuff like that because personally I
don't care but anyway I think that's a
rifle
he's got pickaxe and a shovel and then
the two pieces of dynamite and he likes
to carry the snake in his boat you can
also put this in the boat with him smash
the snake like that when you built it
shoulder like that I don't know if he's
supposed to be towing that behind them
in the imaginary river that does not
come with the river set and one last
feature is this which I think is the
neatest part of this even though it's a
simple build this little treasure thing
this got the skull you got these dark
blue elephant trunks that's a dark blue
pieces they're the same pieces the
trunks to the elephants that are in the
Orient expedition sets it's got this
really neat headpiece there it's yellow
and this piece opens up to reveal the
hidden jewels and the container so the I
think it's neat you got these elephant
trunk pieces are a unique for different
the head pieces meet the dark orange
post or neat so I thought there's a lot
of interesting little cases in the city
between you get an alligator getting the
dart I mean the light gray boat and all
these extra features it's just a lot of
neat little pieces for such a small set
only 60 piece set and here are the extra
pieces I had left over after I built it
just typical standard extra elements
that you get with most lego sets so
there you have it the Orient expedition
set number 7410 the jungle river with no
river it's actually surprisingly a
better set than I expected I just went
ahead and built one of these or in
expedition because I had all those from
the previous haul and I want to build
them on review them and I never realized
how neat this little set was so you got
your sting poke sting boat which is kind
of reminds me of steampunk you got a lot
of neat little elements some animals so
overall a pretty good set for the time
period tell me what you think comment
below please like the video and thanks
for being a subscriber I appreciate the
subscribers and look for more vintage
Lego reviews on this channel this is
bricks art thanks for watching
you